Rename Asset Hub to Polkadot / Westend Hub (#572)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/index.md

---
title: Smart Contracts

> description: Learn about smart contract development in Polkadot using ink! for Wasm contracts and EVM and PolkaVM support for Solidity contracts on Polkadot Hub and parachains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about smart contract development in Polkadot, including ink! for Wasm contracts and Solidity support via EVM and PolkaVM on Polkadot Hub and parachains.
```

This was 3 characters over
